README.md, before:

# English Warrior - Kids Learning Game

An interactive web-based English learning game designed for children to improve their English skills through fun and engaging activities.

## Features

- Interactive word matching games
- Vocabulary building exercises
- Spelling challenges
- Progress tracking
- Kid-friendly interface
- Engaging animations and sounds

## Tech Stack

- Next.js 14
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- React
- Framer Motion (for animations)

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Run the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## Project Structure

- `/src/app` - Main application pages
- `/src/components` - Reusable React components
- `/src/lib` - Utility functions and game logic
- `/src/types` - TypeScript type definitions
- `/public` - Static assets (images, sounds, etc.)

## Contributing

Feel free to submit issues and enhancement requests!

Commit message:

Fix deployment issues and improve scoreboard

README.md, after:

# English Warrior - Kids Learning Game

An interactive web-based English learning game designed for children to improve their English skills through fun and engaging activities.

## Features

- Interactive word matching games
- Vocabulary building exercises
- Spelling challenges
- Progress tracking
- Scoreboard with top player rankings
- Monster guardians for each planet
- Kid-friendly interface
- Engaging animations and sounds

## Tech Stack

- Next.js 14
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- React
- Framer Motion (for animations)

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Run the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## Project Structure

- `/src/app` - Main application pages
- `/src/components` - Reusable React components
- `/src/lib` - Utility functions and game logic
- `/src/types` - TypeScript type definitions
- `/public` - Static assets (images, sounds, etc.)

## Scoreboard

After completing levels, your points are stored in the browser and ranked on the
scoreboard page. Visit `/scoreboard` to see the top players and compare your
progress with others.

## Contributing

Feel free to submit issues and enhancement requests!
